Unit Tests:
1. A function called "multiplication" that returns the product of the two input numbers.

Test cases: 
1. Two input both are numbers should be return numbers. 
2. Two input one is positive number another input is zero would return zero. 
3. Two input one is negative number another input is positive number would return negative number.
4. Two input both are negative number will return negative number. 
5. Two input both are zero would be return zero. 
6. Two input one is string another one is number we should convert string to number then do the multiplication. 
7. Two input both not given will be return null. 


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



2. A function called "concatOdds" takes two arrays of integers as arguments. It should return a single array that only contains the odd numbers, in ascending order, from both of the arrays.
Example: concatOdds([3, 2, 1], [9, 1, 1, 1, 4, 15, -1])
...should result in [-1, 1, 3, 9, 15]
Think about the following; you may need to make assumptions or decisions about the prompt and how the code should behave:
What should happen with unexpected inputs?
What kinds of unexpected inputs should we worry about?
What should happen when there are multiples of the same odd number in the arrays? (Hint: We gave you the answer to this one in the example above.)


Test cases: 
1. Two arguments both are odd integers  should be the return sorted array of unique odd numbers. 
2. Two arguments both are even integers  should be the return empty array as no odd numbers. 
3. Two arguments one of them is odd integers another one is even integers  should be returns the array containing the unique odd numbers from the odd integers array. 
4. Two argument one of them is zero another one is odd integers  should be return the array containing the unique odd numbers from the odd integers array.
5. Two arguments one of them is zero another one is even interger  should be return empty array as no odd numbers.  
6. Two arguments one of them is Object another one is even integer  should be return empty array as no odd numbers.
7. Two arguments one of them is Object another one is odd integer  should be return the array containing the unique odd numbers from the array of odd integers.
8. Two arguments both of them are Objects should be return the empty array as there are no odd numbers
9. Two arguments one of them is String another one is Odd integer should be return the array containing the unique odd numbers from the array of odd integers.
10. Two arguments one of them is String another one is Even integer should be return the empty array as there are no odd numbers. 
11. Two arguments no any arguments given  should be return [] . 


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Functional Tests:
A shopping cart checkout feature that allows a user to check out as a guest (without an account), or as a logged-in user. They should be allowed to do either, but should be asked if they want to create an account or log in if they check out as a guest.
Think about the following; you may need to make assumptions or decisions about the prompt and how the feature should behave:
What should happen if the cart is empty?
What needs to be shown to the user at each step of check out?
What behaviors of this feature does the prompt miss or gloss over?
Hint: Observe the shopping cart and checkout features of some popular websites to get some ideas!

Test cases :
 1. Given user login as guest 
    When user able to navigate to the Home page
    Then user able to search the item would like to add to the cart
    Then user select the item and added to the cart 
    Then user able to check out item via payment method

    2. Given user login as guest 
       When user able to navigate to the Home page 
       Then user able to search the item would like to add to the cart 
       Then user select the item and added to the cart 
       Then user delete the added item from the cart 
       Then user get the confirmation model on the cart page 
       Then user able to successfully delete the item from cart

    3. Given user loing as guest 
       When display the option in the login page 
       Then user create login account provide username and password and email 
       Then display the confirmation pop-up as user will get verification email for the user account creation 
    
    4. Given user login as valid account user 
       When user able to navigate to the Home page 
       Then user able to search the item would like to added to the cart 
       Then user select the item and added to the cart
       Then user navigate to the checkout page 
       Then user provide checkout details 
       Then user provide the shipping method 
       Then user able confirm the payment 
       Then user should able to view the confirmed order details

    5. Given user login as invalid account user
       When user provide the corrent username and incorrect password 
       Then user should seeing error message
       Then user should not be able to login to the Home Page 

    6. Given user login as invalid account user 
       When user provide the wrong username and correct passwrod 
       Then user should seeing error message 
       Then user should not be able to login to the Home page 

